# Save the Waves

## Localization

There is localization of strings and images in this project.

Translating images is done in the `Assets.xcassets` file. Look at the "post" image for an example. You can modify the Localization settings for assets in the "Attributes inspector" in the right pane in Xcode when looking at the asset.

Translating strings in this app is done in two ways:

### Localizable.strings file

`Localizable.strings` is used to translate strings that are defined in our code in files (compared to strings defined in storyboards). Click the arrow next to this file in Xcode and you'll see the different versions of it for each language.

The strings are swapped out by the `localized()` method, which is defined in `StringExtensions.swift`. If you want to translate a string that isn't in the file already, you need to add `.localized()` onto the end of the string where it is defined in code, and then create entries in the `Localizable.strings` files. Search for strings that are already in the file to see an example of how to do that. You can also watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSI_LS3Yq8I), which is where the idea came from.

### Storyboard localization

Localization of a storyboard is enabled in the "File inspector" in the right pane in Xcode when viewing the file. Once this has been done, you can click the arrow next to the storyboard file and then open up any of the `.strings` files that show up. The `.strings` files are automatically generated by Xcode.

### Viewing the app in different languages

This can be done easily during development by modifying the development scheme by following these steps:

1. Click "Endangered Waves - Development" in the top-right of Xcode. Select it first if a different scheme is currently active.
1. Click "Edit scheme..."
1. In the "Options" tab in "Run" change the app language.
1. Run the app.
